# [Declaring repositories](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_repositories.html)

## Public Repositories
- Maven Central
- Bintray JCenter
- Google Android

#### Maven central repository
```kotlin
repositries {
    mavenCentral()
}
```

#### JCenter Maven repositories(Bintray's JCenter)

```kotlin
repositories {
    jcenter()
}
```

#### Google Maven repository

```kotlin
repositories {
    google()
}
```

#### Declaring multiple repositories
You can define more than one repository for resolving dependencies. Declaring multiple repositories is helpful if some dependencies are only available in one repository but not the other. You can mix any type of repository described in the reference section.


```kotlin
repositories {
    jcenter()
    maven {
            url = uri("https://maven.springframework.org/release")
        }
    maven {
        url = uri("https://maven.restlet.com")
    }
}
```

---
The order of declaration determines how Gradle will check for dependencies at runtime. If Gradle finds a module descriptor in a particular repository, it will attempt to download all of the artifacts for that module from the same repository.
---

#### Flat directory repository

```kotlin
repositories {
    flatDir {
        dirs("lib")
    }
    flatDir {   
        dirs("lib1", "lib2")
    }
}
```

This type of repository does not support any meta-data formats like Ivy XML or Maven POM files. Instead, Gradle will dynamically generate a module descriptor (without any dependency information) based on the presence of artifacts.

As Gradle prefers to use modules whose descriptor has been created from real meta-data rather than being generated, flat directory repositories cannot be used to override artifacts with real meta-data from other repositories declared in the build.

For example, if Gradle finds only jmxri-1.2.1.jar in a flat directory repository, but jmxri-1.2.1.pom in another repository that supports meta-data, it will use the second repository to provide the module.

#### Local Repositories
To Be Written.  
Detail => https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_repositories.html#sub:local-repos